WF-0 Clarify behaviour of cloud deployment configuration (#9)
spatialos/FlexibleProjectExample: docs/reference/server-worker-configuration.md

| `arguments` | Required | A list of arguments to provide to the base command. The arguments can contain the same placeholder strings as specified in the previous version of configuration, which are interpolated by SpatialOS before the worker is launched. See the [worker launch configuration](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/launch-configuration) documentation for more information. |

#### Cloud deployment configuration
The cloud deployment configuration specifies how to launch the worker in the cloud. It's the same as the local deployment configuration at the moment, with the following exceptions:

> - A zip file containing the directory specified in `localBuildDirectory` will be uploaded to the cloud.

Reviewer: Is there any chance we can say who/what is uploading the file to the cloud, i.e. change this from passive to active. For example "XYZ uploads a zip file..."

No worries if that would be too convoluted - I thought I'd just check :)

Reviewer 2: It is toolbelt that is uploading the worker zips in this case but this is more of an implementation detail and I don't think that information is particularly useful to users.

> - Additional fields will be added in the future, allowing you to specify where the worker binaries are uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We'll add additional fields in the future, allowing you to specify where the worker binaries are uploaded.
```
